So now we can go back to our implementation and let's see what we're going to have to do as an extra
within our implementation.
So I'm just going to go back to my lambda functions PI and I'm just going to move well with my implementation.
So now we have our Eutelsat make zoophile bytes method but less is important so we can make use of it
from S R C.
Got you Tilse import your tales.
All right.
So that's in place and now we can just go and call our Python both our three method to create our lambda
function.
So now I'm just going to go and return lambda a client create function
and within this method I'm going to have to pass in several things as we defined here.
So the first thing that I have to pass in is a function name and a function name with B the function
name from the parameters and the next thing is the runtime runtime is also going to come from our method
signature.
And the other thing is the role and that is going to be also passed in from our arguments and handler
is another thing that we're passing in with our method call and the next thing is the most important
part of our lambda function which is the code itself and for code over all lambda function.
We're going to have to pass in a dictionary within that dictionary as we both know three API specifies
we're going to have to pass in a zip file key and within that zip file key as the value of it.
I'm just going to pass in the zip file that I created the bytes of that zip file for a W-S to understand
it.
All right.
And the next thing that I want to provide is a timeout for my function.
So for that purpose I'm just going to create a constant.
I'm just going to put my intention right here.
Lambda timeout.
So I'm just going to give it like 10 seconds and the next thing is the memory size.
And let's just say lambda memory so we can use this memory in our other lambda functions.
So are also finally say publish as false.
And I'm just going to go back to this publish indicator in our upcoming lectures.
So you just can put that as false or.
All right.
So let's just go up and create our constants up there.
And I'll say lambda timeout.
And this is going to be 10 seconds and also whammed memory
and for that I'm just going to pass in 128 megabytes and also another important thing is of course the
runtime for our Python function.
So let's just go up and say Python
3.6 or 36 in this case runtime.
All right.
So this is going to be like lowercase Python 3 dot 6.
So we want the Python 3 runtime just as we use with our implementation here.
So this is basically everything we need to pass in to our will and the function creation function.
All right so now we're ready to execute this method.
And for that purpose let's just go down and let's just call our method and print out the response from
a W-S.
So this is call deplore lambda function and our function name.
Let's just go up and create a function name for our Python function of course Python lambda name and
Python lambda function.
All right.
So let's go down and pass that in Python lambda name and 4-D other methods.
I'm just going to pass in my Python 3.6 runtime.
And as the handler and of course we forgot to provide in handler too.
So let's just say
when the handler.
So I'm just going to provide a generic handler so I can use that with my functions.
So for the handler as I said before we're going to have to provide a qualifier method signature with
the class name of that file.
So in this case we have our home the function and then we have the method as let's just go back to our
linear function and we have the method the signature as handler.
So the first thing is the lambda function name.
So let's just go back and say lambda and or school function dot handler.
All right.
So that's basically our handler method handler signature for AWOS.
So for our handler again let's just say handler and 40 roll around lambda roll air and we have as the
constant up there and for our source folder let's just say Python lambda.
All right now we're basically ready to execute our William the function creation method.
So now let's go and hit front and see what's going to happen.
So we basically put the wrong indicator for our region instead of region.
Underscore name we put in region and that's right here.
So let's just fix that and Region name and we can hit run again.
And here we go.
Our window function is created.
And as you can see with the created a status code.
And now let's go to AWOS consul to check our lambda function.
And for that purpose I'll see on the next video.